A453	https://github.com/elterminad0r/A453	Controlled assessment - historic interest
asteroids	https://github.com/elterminad0r/asteroids	3d asteroids belt
balls	https://github.com/elterminad0r/balls	bouncing balls in processing
bfs_koch	https://github.com/elterminad0r/bfs_koch	breadth first koch
bounce_3d	https://github.com/elterminad0r/bounce_3d	3d bouncing balls
bubbles	https://github.com/elterminad0r/bubbles	bubble screensaver
Calcudoku	https://github.com/elterminad0r/Calcudoku	Calcudoku solver
cars	https://github.com/elterminad0r/cars	OOP flying boxes
chaos_spreadsheet	https://github.com/elterminad0r/chaos_spreadsheet	logistic map in processing
circles	https://github.com/elterminad0r/circles	Lightweight visual effect
collatz_tree	https://github.com/elterminad0r/collatz_tree	Tree constructed from collatz paths
colourconway	https://github.com/elterminad0r/colourconway	coloured conway's game of life in processing
cookies	https://github.com/elterminad0r/cookies	The "cookie game" Python project
Cube	https://github.com/elterminad0r/Cube	Rubik's cube model
drag_grav	https://github.com/elterminad0r/drag_grav	Model of gravity + bouncy balls
julia	https://github.com/elterminad0r/julia	Julia sets in processing
kaleidoscope	https://github.com/elterminad0r/kaleidoscope	A colourful kaleidoscope type thing
lightning	https://github.com/elterminad0r/lightning	Lichtenberg figures
linked_list	https://github.com/elterminad0r/linked_list	Recursive Python linked list
mandelbrot	https://github.com/elterminad0r/mandelbrot	mandelbrot explorer
mazes	https://github.com/elterminad0r/mazes	Maze generation
moire_draggable	https://github.com/elterminad0r/moire_draggable	moire effect explorer with UI in processing
pendulums	https://github.com/elterminad0r/pendulums	Pendulum simulation
perl	https://github.com/elterminad0r/perl	PERLIN NOISE
pixel_sorting	https://github.com/elterminad0r/pixel_sorting	Sorting pixels - inspired heavily by Daniel Shiffman
platformer	https://github.com/elterminad0r/platformer	platformer in processing
Postscript	https://github.com/elterminad0r/Postscript	Some postscript projects, ranging back from around 2013
Punnet	https://github.com/elterminad0r/Punnet	Punnet Square generation
pythanimated	https://github.com/elterminad0r/pythanimated	Animated Pythagoras Tree
py_lerpbez	https://github.com/elterminad0r/py_lerpbez	Bezier curves in python-processing
rainbow_lines	https://github.com/elterminad0r/rainbow_lines	Rainbow shading
regen_soup	https://github.com/elterminad0r/regen_soup	Trippy rainbows
road_screen	https://github.com/elterminad0r/road_screen	3-D road-travelling screensaver
rubiks_cube	https://github.com/elterminad0r/rubiks_cube	Visual rubiks cube
shading	https://github.com/elterminad0r/shading	Fuzzy rainbow
ship_game	https://github.com/elterminad0r/ship_game	Space ship in processing
sierp_demo	https://github.com/elterminad0r/sierp_demo	chaos game in processing
snake	https://github.com/elterminad0r/snake	snake game
snowflakes	https://github.com/elterminad0r/snowflakes	'Tis the season to be jolly
spaceinvaders	https://github.com/elterminad0r/spaceinvaders	Space Invaders in processing
square_filling_circle	https://github.com/elterminad0r/square_filling_circle	Squares filling a circle
stepbysierp	https://github.com/elterminad0r/stepbysierp	BFS sierpinski
sudoku	https://github.com/elterminad0r/sudoku	Sudoku solver in Python
s_zoom	https://github.com/elterminad0r/s_zoom	Sierpinski zoom
tetris	https://github.com/elterminad0r/tetris	tetris in processing
turtles	https://github.com/elterminad0r/turtles	Turtles in processing
UI_demo	https://github.com/elterminad0r/UI_demo	Processing UI elements
wind_fans	https://github.com/elterminad0r/wind_fans	Fans being blown
yahtzee	https://github.com/elterminad0r/yahtzee	Hopefully some functioning yahtzee models eventually..
